hello I'm Mike Cook from La Mesa RV. I'd like to welcome you
today we're going to talk about the
Allegro open road 34
TGA. this is one of the best built
motor homes on the market today
featuring a full body paint Coach, same system holds
that's used in some other higher-end
luxury cars in america today
it features a no graphic
sidewalls heavy duty chassis twenty two
and a half inch outcall aluminum wheels
desk at this chachi allow you to tell
virtually any lightweight car on the
market today
also features a one-piece windshield
with no
dividing and also the windshield
wipers are down
Out of the way another feature is the side
view cameras
great for safety this has the widest
angle
in the market right now its proprietary
to only
the Allegro Open Road in addition to that
you step back here with me notice
side and store in stores
these you're gonna find typically on a
very high and motorhome we also feature
one-inch insulation heavy-gauge aluminum
sidewalk cool weather stripping saw love
your
cargo inside this compartments can stay
dry
clean and well taken care of we also
have
small Howard awning system provide is
shade cooling for the coast while you're
parked out at the beach today
in addition you'll also see the awning
toppers over the top so the slides
those keep degree of a few highs in the
lower
everything to stay clean up underneath
today on the outside let's take a minute
step inside and
show you the interior Friday he'll
notice
the hell ever open road offers scored
engine and drivetrain
years of proven reliability in the
industry
in addition to that sites you and backup
cameras
will come to you in full HD providing
optimum safety for you and your family
Allegro open road also offers
the HW a computerize leveling system one
touch to level the coach to the exact
level in conference walking throughout
the coach without rocking and rolling
around
very wary proven well designed system in
addition
for your entertainment Allegro also
offers
Panasonic stole AV system
the end all the TVs your DVD player
surround sound system for all and
Panasonic
proven is one of the best systems on the
market today now just step over this way
with me you can take a look at the
cabinetry
Allegro is what are the true
manufacturers in the RV industry right
now they virtually make
carefree possible product in this coach
to their customer service the quality
control is optimum
we feature hardwood cabinets with
hardwood face frames
you'll never have to worry about these
cabinet doors coming
loose and vibrating lose at the hinges
as you're traveling solid wood and
well well-made in the kitchen we offer
solid surface by Avenue at I
is a very very durable surface that
you'll find in
typically in a medical laboratories it's
been a proven products really grew over
the years not
crack break ship or come apart we also
have
convection oven very large convection
oven you'll be able to
take rose and even brown inside this up
three burner stove top and as we move
back
the dining area see banquet style dining
area with
pullout to provide more seeing for more
yes
again big screen TV in the mid cabin and
from here
going to step into the bedroom and take
a look at what's going on in there
in the bedroom you'll find a continuance
the hard way a cabinet doors and cabinet
fronts
big-screen once again panasonic tv
and as a matter of fact you can operate
every TV the DVD players all your eye
you controls
of %uh just one remote no more having a
different remote for a DVD player or the
sound system
one remote controls all you'll also
notice
a temperature control thermostat here in
the bedroom you can actually control
a different temperatures in the bedroom
as in the living areas
dual climate control stepping back but
I'd really like to show you hear
something very nice
one piece shower there's no seams
nothing in here that's going to come
apart no potential leads all
lasts around hinged doors and more
that really very nice Allegra solid
cabinetry
this particular coach offers split bath
you'll find a second sink inside this
area as well as your top
as well as your toilet
well I'd like to thank you for stopping
in and %uh checking us out on the web
today
mom for this in all the electoral
products we currently carry
you can check us out at La Mesa RV dot
com